What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository with "git init" it creates a hidden directory called .git. This folder will be used for tracking commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area allows you to chose the files that are going to go into a commit. The working directory contains all of your files even the ones you aren't chosing to commit. The repository contains only the files that you've put into the staging area and then commited.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

If I've changed two files I can add them to the staging area and then commit them one at a time. That way I can track the changes separately.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

When I want to try a new features that I'm not sure will work. I could even have several branches with experimental features. It could also help in play testing a game. you could have several branches each with different difficulties and then pick the one with the most balanced play.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help you to see the order that changes were made including which changes are included in each branch. Presumably this would help you to know what features and bug fixes or even bugs would be in a given branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging the two branches adds both sets of changes from both branches into one new master. It's represented in the diagram the way it is because it's like the two branches of a tree grew into one.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Merging automatically is much quicker and eliminates human error. It's not always possible since computers are very poor at making the types of decisions needed to resolve conflicts.